Add support for duplicate_detection_history_time_window in servicebus… (#14041)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/servicebus_subscription.html.markdown

* `default_message_ttl` - (Optional) The Default message timespan to live as an [ISO 8601 duration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations). This is the duration after which the message expires, starting from when the message is sent to Service Bus. This is the default value used when TimeToLive is not set on a message itself.

> * `duplicate_detection_history_time_window` (Optional) [ISO 8601 duration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations) timeSpan structure that defines the duration of the duplicate detection history. The default value is 10 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `duplicate_detection_history_time_window` (Optional) [ISO 8601 duration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations) A duration that specifies the duplicate detection history window. The default value is `10` minutes.
```
